hey
welcome back to review recap
today i am going to show you an
extraordinary story of a newborn baby
who was born as an old man
spoilers ahead sit back and enjoy
the film opens up with a tight close-up
of a very old woman on her deathbed in
the hospital
a storm raging outside the window is
shown
clearly in pain the old woman is
struggling to speak to her daughter
one can tell the mother is at the end of
her life because when she cries out in
pain and her daughter calls the nurse
the nurse tells her that she can have as
much pain medication as she wants
the daughter has come to say goodbye to
her mother but their relationship seems
straight the woman asks in a weak voice
for her daughter to bring her a diary
from her belongings and to read it to
her the diary is full with tickets and
photographs stick to the pages the story
begins with the old woman daisy
reminiscing about a blind clockmaker who
built a clock for grand central terminal
in new york
while he was building the clock his only
son goes off to war and dies in battle
in grief he continues building the clock
the reveal of the clock is a major event
and when the clock is unveiled the
second hand surprisingly turns
counterclockwise and the clock is
measuring time backwards the crowd is
shocked and the clockmaker reveals that
he wishes that time moved backwards so
that the events of the war can be
reversed and that all the soldiers who
died can return to their families
shortly thereafter the clockmaker closes
his shop and disappears
we then cut to the end of world war 1 in
throughout the streets of new orleans
people are flooding the streets in
celebration
a young man benjamin's father however is
rushing home to check on his wife who
has just given birth
his wife appears to have hemorrhaged
during childbirth and is on the brink of
death the presence of the priest who has
come to give her last rights confirms
this before she takes her last breath
she asks her husband to ensure that
their child have a place in this world
benjamin's father promises and shortly
thereafter the mother expires
he approaches the crib and the attending
nurse tries to warn him but he cries out
in horror when he lifts the blanket and
sees his son for the first time
he then grabs the baby and tears out of
the door
he runs madly into the street with the
baby crying wildly and eventually stops
at the banks of the river
he contemplates throwing the baby into
the river when a policeman stops him and
chases him benjamin's father frantically
runs away and eventually stops at the
porch of a large house
he hears people inside the house and
then impulsively places his baby on the
steps of the house and leaves whatever
money he has with the baby within
seconds a young black couple come out of
the house they are flirting with each
other completely unaware of the baby
they begin to descend the stairs and one
of them almost trips on the baby the
woman queenie picks up the baby and we
see that benjamin looks like an
octogenarian infant despite the protests
of her husband she decides to take the
baby
she brings the baby into the house and
puts him in the top drawer of her
dresser when the doctor examines
benjamin he tells her that the baby
suffers from arthritis is nearly blind
from cataracts and has osteoporosis no
one expects the baby to survive long
unable to have a child of her own
queenie decides that benjamin is a child
of god and takes on the responsibility
of raising she names him benjamin and
introduces him to the elderly tenants of
the house as her sister's child
the elderly tenants seem to be unfazed
by benjamin's unusual appearance
one elderly woman even remarks that he
looks just like her ex-husband
over the next few years we see benjamin
spend his early years as a short frail
bald elderly man with glasses when in
fact he is only five years old
he calls queenie mama and his mannerisms
and impulses are very childlike
although he is fully grown in size
queenie still bathes him and scolds him
like a child when he tries to wander off
he begins to learn to read but cannot
walk and is confined to a wheelchair
then one day queenie takes him to an
evangelical healer after healing
queenie's infertility he commands
benjamin to walk during a dramatic
healing after benjamin stumbles and
takes his first steps the preacher
suddenly drops to the floor and dies
benjamin progresses physically being
able to walk with the help of crutches
he soon befriends a charming pygmy man
who takes benjamin into town and they
seem to connect over their uniqueness
when the pygmy leaves benjamin to visit
a prostitute benjamin misses the last
streetcar and must walk home on his
crutches
although queenie greets him with a harsh
scolding benjamin remembers his first
taste of freedom as one of the best days
of his life
queenie throws a party at the retirement
home for visitors and benjamin now able
to walk without crutches soon meets the
granddaughter of one of the tenants
she's a striking red-haired girl with
blue eyes named daisy benjamin develops
an instant boyish crush on her even
though he appears to be an elderly man
in his diary benjamin remembers this as
the day he fell in love with daisy
during the party queenie announces that
she's pregnant and benjamin feels
slightly jealous
benjamin and daisy quickly form a bond
they curl up with daisy's grandmother as
she reads them children's stories
daisy is quick to realize that benjamin
is no ordinary elderly man because of
his childlike ways they spend a lot of
time together and sneak off one night to
talk but are caught by daisy's
grandmother who accuses benjamin of
inappropriate motives
queenie tells benjamin that he is no
ordinary child that he is a man child
and that people will misunderstand him
when benjamin returns to his room his
elderly roommate talks about how he was
struck by lightning seven times
throughout the course of the film the
random circumstances in which he was
struck by lightning are revealed for
laughs benjamin begins to grow
physically and convey himself now and
seems to be going through puberty even
though he still looks elderly he gains
muscle tone and his teeth look healthier
while getting his hair cut by an elderly
woman at queenie's house he remarks that
with every day he feels he is growing
younger the woman replies that it must
be sad to grow younger and watch the
people you love die before you while
benjamin reflects on this remark the
woman adds that if we didn't lose the
people that we love we wouldn't know how
important they are to us
benjamin later talks about some of the
elderly tenants who died during their
stay in the things they taught him
benjamin visits the docks of the harbor
and one day volunteers to work for a
salty tugboat captain named captain mike
despite his elderly appearance captain
mike agrees to take benjamin on and we
see benjamin mostly scrubbing the decks
and doing light work
this is all very exciting to benjamin
and the two quickly become friends
during the course of conversation
captain mike learns that benjamin is
still a virgin
captain mike decides to take benjamin to
a brothel to fix that at the brothel a
drunk captain mike rants about being a
self-proclaimed artist and not a tugboat
captain like his father and then
undresses to reveal his selfing tattoos
as a tattoo artist
he then harps on about his hummingbird
tattoo and what a remarkable bird it is
although benjamin's appearance creeps
the prostitutes out one sympathetic
prostitute reluctantly agrees to sleep
with him with the sexual vigor of a
teenager benjamin wears the prostitute
out and agrees to come visit her every
day except sunday as hess leaving we see
benjamin's father exiting the brothel
and he intuitively recognizes benjamin
as his son
benjamin's father thomas button offers
to give benjamin a ride home in his
fancy chauffeur-driven car
they stop at a bar for benjamin's first
drink they drink and talk until the bar
closes and then tom drives benjamin home
after queenie chastises him for staying
out late benjamin throws up from his
first night of binge drinking
one day benjamin sneaks the
nine-year-old daisy out for a ride on
captain mike's tugboat
still drunk from the previous night's
drinking captain mike reluctantly agrees
to take them out to sea
the tugboat passes a cruise ship and the
captain waves to benjamin and daisy
daisy remarks how she wishes she could
be on a cruise ship like that at about
17 benjamin still looks like an older
man but desires to leave home and work
on captain mike's tugboat daisy is about
12 and makes benjamin promise that he
write to her from wherever he travels to
while benjamin travels from harbor to
harbor on the tugboat we watch daisy
grow up and train as a ballet dancer
during his travels benjamin befriends an
unhappily married english woman named
elizabeth at the hotel he lives in
they end up talking all night almost
every night and she tells benjamin that
she attempted to swim the english
channel when she was 19 but gave up
before she could finish
she introduces benjamin to the finer
things in life like caviar and vodka and
she tells him about the places hes never
seen like asia they eventually start an
affair and spend every night together
benjamin writes to daisy and tells her
that has fallen in love
then one night elizabeth disappears
leaving only an impersonal note saying
it was nice to have met him captain mike
announces to the crew that the japanese
have bombed pearl harbor and that has
contracted with the us navy to support
the war effort the cook decides to leave
the crew and be with his wife so
benjamin steps in his cook
the tugboat gets its first taste of war
when the crew shows up to the remains of
a naval ship carrying soldiers that was
just bombed
the tugboat soon catches the eye of the
enemy submarine and the crew springs
into action heroically deciding to
collide with a submarine and sinking
gunners on both the tiny tugboat and the
submarine exchange fire and ultimately
the tugboat maneuvers itself onto the
submarine and sinks it captain mike and
several of the crew are wounded and die
as a result
benjamin survives and passes on captain
mike's earnings to his wife
as he throws out the lifesaver from the
tugboat out to sea a hummingbird flies
up from the lifesaver and whizzes by
benjamin he remarks that he never again
saw a hummingbird in the open sea
returning to quinney's house from the
war benjamin now looks about 50. daisy
makes a surprise visit and she's about
20. she doesn't recognize benjamin at
first but after a brief reunion they
decide to go out on a date
at dinner daisy talks incessantly about
her passion dancing and benjamin can't
really get in a word edge once their
date ends at a romantic lake where daisy
attempts to seduce benjamin by doing
some impressive ballet moves and talking
about her promiscuous life in the ballet
company
benjamin however refuses to sleep with
daisy and she leaves disappointed
benjamin's father thomas button meets up
with benjamin again thomas button walks
with a crutch due to an infection in his
foot and his health is failing
he invites benjamin out to dinner and
then shows him his button factor he then
reveals to benjamin that he is his
father and shows him pictures of their
family
benjamin has a hard time taking it all
in but eventually realizes that thomas
wants to reconcile with him before he
dies
thomas promises to leave benjamin
everything before thomas dies benjamin
takes him to the lake to watch the sun
rise and both men are at peace with the
past benjamin later comes to new york to
see daisy in a production of carousel
hess moved by her dancing but daisy is a
little startled to see him come
backstage
refusing his invitation to dinner she
invites him to come out with her dancer
friends
surrounded by young people and watching
daisy flirt with her new boyfriend
benjamin realizes that they're worlds
apart disappointed he goes back home to
queenie's house
back in today's world the dying daisy
tells her daughter that benjamin came to
tell her that his father had just died
but she was 23 and foolishly wrapped up
in her own world
daisy then shows her daughter pictures
of her as a young dancer and reveals
that she was the first american to be
invited to dance with the bolshoi ballet
daisy remarks that even though she had
many lovers in her youth she always
thought about benjamin and felt
connected to her
meanwhile the storm rages on outside the
hospital window and the news report
reveals that it is in fact daisy is now
dancing with a ballet company in paris
benjamin narrates a series of events
that make up a chain reaction resulting
in daisy getting hit by a taxi a friend
wires benjamin the news about daisy and
he comes to paris to see her
we learned that the car crushed daisy's
right leg and thus ended her dancing
career
full of both angry pride and shame daisy
tells benjamin to leave her alone
he leaves but as the diary reveals
benjamin stays in paris for a while to
look out for daisy as her daughter reads
from benjamin's diary the modern daisy
had no idea he had stayed in paris and
begins to weep
although he was in love with daisy
benjamin reveals he slept with several
women while in paris
a few years later benjamin appears to be
about 40 and daisy having recovered and
able to walk again visits benjamin at
queenie's house
she asks him to sleep with her and he
promptly says yes
they visit the same lake benjamin took
his father to and as they watch the
sunrise daisy promises to never indulge
in self-pity again
they end up traveling together and
living on the sailboat thomas button
left his son
when they return from their travels
queenie's house is empty and the couple
learned that queenie has just died they
attend her funeral services and benjamin
sells his father's house he and daisy
buy a duplex and spend all their time as
a young 40ish couple in their sparely
furnished apartment renewing her love
for dance daisy has opened up a dance
studio and teaches little girls
she is dancing in front of the mirror
one day when her leg injury reminds her
of her limitations
in spite of this benjamin who is
watching clearly still loves and admires
daisy
she remarks that they have finally met
halfway in time and then daisy reveals
that she's pregnant
months later benjamin expresses his
concern that the baby will be like him
but daisy assures him that she will love
the baby even more if it is before they
leave the diner benjamin sees elizabeth
on tv celebrated as the oldest woman to
swim the english channel
later daisy delivers a perfectly healthy
baby girl and names it after benjamin's
mother caroline
back to modern times the daughter
suddenly realizes from reading the diary
that benjamin is her real father
daisy had remarried and the daughter
caroline had grown up thinking that her
stepfather was her birth father
visibly upset caroline leaves and smokes
in another room before a nurse tells she
can't smoke indoors she comes back and
resumes reading from the diary benjamin
is clearly worried about being able to
care for his wife and child as he grows
younger and younger
daisy is adamantly optimistic and
assures benjamin that she can care for
him and the baby but benjamin is not
convinced he tells her that she would be
disappointed with such a life and that
the baby deserves a father and not a
playmate he tells daisy that he wants
caroline to have a real father and that
he wants to leave before she can
remember him
daisy begins to worry that he is no
longer attracted to her as she continues
aging and he becomes more youthful
after carolyn's first birthday benjamin
sells his father's button factory the
sailboat the summer cottage and all his
assets and leaves all money and bank
safe deposit for caroline's and daisy
before walking out the door
the modern day daisy reveals to caroline
that she soon met carolyn's father
shortly thereafter and that benjamin was
right she wasn't strong enough to raise
the both of them alone she doesn't know
what benjamin did during that time but
the diary reveals he did visit daisy
once more
now about 23 years old in appearance
benjamin visits daisy's dance studio one
night in daisy now about 60 is startled
by his return benjamin is youthful and
strikingly handsome while daisy has
naturally aged
he meets his teenage daughter and
daisy's husband
the husband and daughter wait in the
parking lot while benjamin and daisy
talk
she explains that her husband is a
widower and that caroline has a lot of
benjamin's attributes
daisy leaves with her family but later
comes to benjamin's room at night
although clearly embarrassed by his
striking youth juxtaposed with her aging
body daisy cannot suppress her desire to
be with him it's quite obvious though
that benjamin's love for daisy has not
waned and the two make love before daisy
says goodbye one last time the modern
day caroline remembers the visit from
the mysterious stranger and then finds
postcards in the diary from benjamin
addressed to caroline on several of her
birthdays
with each postcard benjamin expresses
his regret that he wasn't there during
key milestones in life like her first
day at school and her first heartache
later benjamin live out his 20s drifting
and traveling he wanders around india
and works odd jobs often sleeping in
abandoned buildings
then one day daisy receives a mysterious
phone call and takes a cab to queenie's
house
child protective services has found
benjamin now a minor living in an
abandoned building in new orleans they
managed to trace daisy from all the
references to her in his diary we see
that benjamin is now a pimply 12 year
old who is afraid of human contact and
is showing signs of dementia he doesn't
remember daisy but feels like he should
know her
the modern day daisy then narrates that
she moved into queen's house to care for
child
benjamin is a difficult seven-year-old
showing signs of alzheimer's disease
like a loving and patient grandmother
daisy seems to be able to calm him and
she reads to him from the same
children's book her grandmother once
read to her in benjamin in one
heartbreaking scene benjamin regresses
to a four-year-old and talks about
having the feeling that hess lived an
entire life but can't remember any of it
another day he ends up on the roof and
daisy talks him down we then see him
regress to a toddler and then finally an
infant in elderly daisy's arms daisy
narrates that one day benjamin took one
last knowing look at her and then died
in her arms fully spent by this story
daisy and her daughter share a sense of
relief and closure that comes with the
revelation of long hidden truths
in the background hurricane katrina is
getting dangerously near the hospital
and soon diverts carolyn's attention
away from her mother
daisy looks to the window and sees a
hummingbird approach and then fly away
into the storm the camera pans out to
reveal hospital staff scurrying to
evacuate patients and transport medical
supplies
in the end we see a montage of some of
the memorable characters from the film
spoken of by ben himself and ending with
a hurricane's waters washing into a
storeroom where sits the old clock still
ticking backwards
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notification to watch more videos like
this
thanks for watching